Health Check DeafultIgnore Note (#1292)
demisto/content-docs: content-repo/extra-docs/packs/integrations-and-incident-health-check.md

| AutoCloseInvestigation | This input determines if the investigation should close automatically after rerunning the scripts.|
 ---

## Notes

> 1. To prevent exceeding quota limits, configured instances in which the *Do not use by default* checkbox was selected, will not be tested by this pack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Integration instances in that has the *Do not use by default* checkbox was selected, are not supported by this pack. This is due to XSOAR platform limitations and n order to prevent exceeding quota limits
```
